MVP: https://codepen.io/chriselles/pen/xxZJgeX?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?  Semantic HTMl introduces and conveys information and meaning to elements in the page. 

    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to present data on the web page, not to execute tasks.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attrtibutes are modifiers of HTML elements. It either modifies or provides functionality to certain element types.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? h1 represents the website heading. How many times should I use it on a page? Only once. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: IMG & SRC

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head>

    7. What is an id? it is used to point to a style in CSS

    8. What elements can I add an id to? global attributes

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once

    10. What is a class? an attrtibute that specifies one or more classnames of an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? multiple 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? alterantive text if image cannot be displayed

    15. How do I reference an id? #id{}

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div Section tag defines sections in a document, div is used to group block elements to format them with CSS

    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is like the painting and decorating of the "house"

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page we use elements consistently to best practice

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one id can be sued to identify one element whereas a class can be used to identify more than one. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? "." followed by name of the class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? <p>Human</p>

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? ("parent>child")

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 

    24. What is a pseudo selector? a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special stat of the selected element(s)

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-hight property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform property, lowercase, uppercase, capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? outline-style: dotted; 

    29. How do I select everything on the page? *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* XXXXX */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm

    34. Why should I use version control? to reconcile work within a team

    35. How often should I commit to github? daily/frequently 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Lambda School repo, fork, clone on local device, branch, commit push, pull request reviewed by TL

Done

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 